REP-0010: Introducing Rotating Validators (#15)
axieinfinity/REPs: REP-0010/REP-0010.md

    - Governing Validators and Standard Validators are selected as the current design.
    - Rotating Validators are randomly selected based on the random beacon.
- For each epoch of period $i$, a set of validators is selected based on the random beacon in period $i-1$ and the epoch number.

![RotatingValidator](./assets/RotatingValidator.png)

**Note that:** The newly joined validator candidate needs to wait an extra day to participate in the selection process. 

### Compute random beacon

The random beacon is computed by the Governing Validators in every period using a verifiable random function. 

A verifiable random function (VRF) is a public-key pseudorandom function that provides proofs of its output's correct calculation. The owner of the secret key can compute the function value and an associated proof for any input value. Everyone else, using the proof and the associated public key, can check that this value was indeed calculated correctly. However, this information cannot be used to find the secret key.

![RandomBeacon](./assets/RandomBeacon.png)

The process of computing the random beacon for period $i$, executed in period $i-1$ consists of 4 steps.

> - Step 1: At the begining of epoch $i-2$, the Ronin Validator Contract sends the set of Governing Validators to the Random Beacon Contract. At the same time, the Random Beacon Contract sends the random beacon $R_{i-1}$ to the Ronin Validator Contract (this is Step 4 in the previous period).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Step 1: At the beginning of period $i-2$, the Ronin Validator Contract sends the set of Governing Validators to the Random Beacon Contract. At the same time, the Random Beacon Contract sends the random beacon $R_{i-1}$ to the Ronin Validator Contract (this is Step 4 in the previous period).
```

- Step 3: Each Governing Validator $j$ submits the output $\sigma_j$ and the proof $\pi_j$ to the Random Beacon Contract (via a system transaction).
    - If a validator does not submit the output and proof in 3 consecutive periods, it will get slashed 1,000 RON.
- Step 4: At the last epoch of period $i-1$, the Random Beacon Contract computes the random beacon $R_i$ and sends it to the Ronin Validator Contract.
    - $R_i$ is computed as the hash value of
        - All outputs of governing validators
    - The random seed is the output of VRF with the input as the concatenate of the random beacon of the previous period and the current period number.

### Obtain Rotating Validators

In each epoch, 12 Governing Validators, $p$ Standard Validators, and $q$ Rotating Validators are selected ( $p+q=10$). The Rotating Validators are selected as follows. 

- Let $R_i$ be the random beacon in period $i$.
- For validator $v$, let $s_v$ be the staked amount of $v$ and $adr_v$ be the admin address of $v$.
- Let $t$ be the current epoch number.

> - Let $w_v = H(R_i\|t\|adr_v)\cdot \sqrt{s_v}$, where $H$ is a hash function (SHA256).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Let $w_v = H(R_i \cdot t \cdot adr_v)\times \sqrt{s_v}$, where $H$ is a hash function (SHA256).
```
